What about some international romantic comedies? Have you guys seen any?
you
Hmm...
Ohhhh...
Ah okay.
I didn't like it at all.  (***)
No.. oh.. Rejency...?
I was gonna say, there's this one, like, international that's sticking out at me, even though it's more like a...
It's a Bollywood movie it's called ride and prejudice
Bride.
I..  Ha... ha... ha... ha...
Ha.. ha.. ha..     I actually think that movie is so much fun.
You know.
Ohhhhhhhhh...   Emma might be another one too that was good.
Uh..  Hmm...
Ohhhh...
That's such a great movie.
Touch...
The one with Willoughby.
Ohhh...   Really...?
Ohhh....  Yes can we have like a day where we just ....
Sit and watch movies, like we'll watch Sense and Sensibility, we'll watch The Wedding Singer.
Yeah.....     That way your life can continue in a positive way.
Ha.. ha.. ha... ha... We do.
I've never seen it. I've never seen any of them.
you
First.
I don't know why I'm drinking so late.  (***)   Cofee unit..
Ever..
So that was.
I love the stories, except for one.
Hmm...
Therfe  you reminded me of Notting Hill.
Did you ever see Muddy Hill?
I like that.
Ha...  ha...  ha....  ha...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Hugh Grant.
Ohh.. Yeah... no
I really like that movie a lot.
He was so cute. And just like...
It being in like a quaint area, like just a...
It almost makes you want to like be a part of something like that, right?
Hmm...
Yes...
No, not at all.
officer and a gentleman  (***)   the 80s though
Way back, like Top Gun era.
Original Top of the Night...   Yeah....
And the worst class is junior.
I mean the last movie I went to go see was Mufasa... ha... ha... ha...
Ha, ha, ha...